AVRO-2499: C# reflect does not cache classes referenced in a union (#617)
apache/avro: lang/csharp/src/apache/main/Reflect/README.md

## Serialization

> The approach starts with the schema and interates both the schema and the dotnet type together in a depth first manner per the specification. Serialization is the same as the Generic serializer except where the serializer encounters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The approach starts with the schema and iterates both the schema and the dotnet type together in a depth first manner per the specification. Serialization is the same as the Generic serializer except where the serializer encounters:
```

    var reader = new ReflectReader<ConcurrentQueue<ConcurrentQueueRec>>(schema, schema, cache);

```
## Unions

All union constructs are supported however record types that are first defined in unions may need manual type registration.

### Automatic Type Registration

> Types associated with unions of the form can be automatically registered and no special handling is needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Types associated with unions of this form can be automatically registered and no special handling is needed.
```

```json
    ["null", { "type": "record", "name": "X"}]
```

_Example_: 

```csharp
    public class MyClass
    {
        public string A { get; set; }
        public double C { get; set; }
    }
    
    // ...

    var nullableSchema = @"
    [
        ""null"",
        { ""type"" : ""record"", ""name"" : ""Dervied2"", ""fields"" :
            [
                { ""name"" : ""A"", ""type"" : ""string""},
                { ""name"" : ""C"", ""type"" : ""double""}
            ]
        },

    ]
    ";
    var schema = Schema.Parse(nullableSchema);
    var derived2write = new MyClass() { A = "derived2", C = 3.14 };

    var writer = new ReflectWriter<MyClass>(schema);
    var reader = new ReflectReader<MyClass>(schema, schema);

    // etc.
```

### Manual Registration

Where a record type is defined inside a union and the union does not 

> follow the "nullable construct" above the CSharp type and schema need to be manually registered. Registration is done using the ClassCache method LoadClassCache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
follow the "nullable construct" above, the CSharp type and schema need to be manually registered. Registration is done using the ClassCache method LoadClassCache.
```

```csharp
    cache.LoadClassCache(typeof(MyClass), recordSchema);
```

> Note that the schema used here is schema corresponding to the record schema which will contained within the overall schema. See the example below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the `recordSchema` used here is the schema corresponding to the `MyClass` type within the overall union schema. See the example below.
```
